README.md, before:

# What are these?

These are [BASIC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC) ([GWBASIC](https://winworldpc.com/product/gw-basic/3x), [QBasic](https://winworldpc.com/product/qbasic/1x), [QuickBASIC](https://winworldpc.com/product/quickbasic/45), [Microsoft BASIC PDS](https://winworldpc.com/product/microsoft-basic/pds-71), [Microsoft Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS](https://winworldpc.com/product/microsoft-visual-bas/10-for-dos)) programs tested and fixed for [QB64](https://github.com/QB64-Phoenix-Edition/QB64pe).

1. Some of the "unknown" are placeholders and I will update with the correct information once I find them
2. Some of these are mildly or significantly modified to work with QB64 v2+ and may no longer work with anything else
3. Some of these are unmodified as they were written for QB64 and are here just as part of the collection
4. If you want the original versions, then folllow the links below or search on the internet
5. I will keep updating this repo with new stuff that I can find and fix to work with QB64

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| 3D Grapher | 3D Grapher in QB64 using OpenGL by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| 3DS Object Viewer | 3DS Object Viewer by David Llewellyn |
| 4Pong | Four player Pong game by Matthew |
| Abacus | Abacus app by Bob Seguin |
| aKFrameWork | GUI library by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| Amongst | Among Us clone by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Animax |  A Graphics/Animation utility by Bob Seguin |
| ArcDemo | A 2D platformer game by Tsiplacov Sergey |
| Assault | A turn-based artillery game by Glenn Powell |
| Bad Boxes | Bad Boxes by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Bad Boxes Revenge | Revenge of the Bad Boxes! by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Bin2BAS | Binary to text converter by [Dav](http://qbasicnews.com/dav) |
| Bin2Include | Binary to Include converter by [Zachary Spriggs](https://github.com/SpriggsySpriggs) |
| Biorythm Chart | Biorythm Chart by Bob Seguin |
| Blockout | Breakout clone by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Calculator | GUI calculator by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Can't Contain Me | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Castle | A turn-based artillery game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Chess | Chess game by rfrost |
| Cloned Shades | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Condense | Text file condenser by [Samuel Gomes](https://github.com/a740g) |
| D1NGOS Maze | A maze game by [DingoLabs](https://github.com/DingoLabs) |
| Demos | QB64 Demos from various sources |
| Didris | A Tertis clone by [Dietmar Moritz](https://github.com/didi-moritz) |
| Donkey | DONKEY.BAS by [IBM](https://github.com/IBM) |
| Fake CPU | A fictional CPU emulator by [magicaros](https://github.com/magicaros) |
| Flappy Bird | Flappy Bird Clone by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Frogger | QB64 game by Matt Bross |
| Frosbite | Frosbite Tribute by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Future Blocks | Tertis clone by [Michael Fogleman](https://github.com/fogleman) |
| Genius | Genius memory game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Ghost Wizard | A Roguelike game by Zack Johnson |
| Gorillas | A turn-based artillery game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| GUI Menu Bar | Lightweight Menu Bar library by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| Hunter | Maze Hunter game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Hunter's Revenge | A shooting game by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| InForm Demos | Demos using the InForm library by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| KING-KONG vs MIGHTY JOE YOUNG | A turn-based artillery game by Bob Seguin |
| Lights On | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| MADMIX | A Pacman clone by Enrique Huerta |
| Maze | Maze of Misery by Steve M. |
| Mini Golf | A mini golf game by Bob Seguin |
| Money | Simple money manager by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Moon Lander | Moon Lander by rfrost |
| Mooncrap | A Galaxian clone by Daniel Kupfer |
| Nibbles | Snake clone by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| OpenGL Demos | OpenGL demos by [Galleon](https://github.com/Galleondragon) |
| Pendulum | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Phone | Simple phone directory by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| PIXELplus 256 | Bitmap graphics library by Chris Chadwick |
| Platform | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| QB-Bounce | Breakout clone by Future Software |
| QB-WM | QB64 Window Manager by [Kit](https://github.com/aouwt) |
| QB45BIN | QuickBASIC 4.5 Binary Source file to Text converter by qarnos |
| QB64 Asteroids! | Asteroids game by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Button Library | Button routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Space Invaders! | Space Invaders game by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Menu Library | Menu routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Graphics Line Input Library | Line Input routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Sprite Library | Sprite routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| GuiTools GUI Library | A GUI library by [Roland Heyder](https://github.com/RhoSigma-QB64) |
| QBASCII | ASCII art drawing app by [Jeremy Munn](https://github.com/jtmunn) |
| QBasic Beautifier | QB code beautifier by Kewbie_newbie |
| QBasic Nventory | (i)nventory manager by [Morwic](https://github.com/morwic) |
| Qbasic Tank Commander | Qbasic TANK COMMANDER by Matthew River Knight |
| QBlocks | Tertis clone by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QBPool | Pool game by [mechatronic3000](https://github.com/mechatronic3000) |
| QBricks | Breakout clone by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QCards | A simple database using a cardfile user interface by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QDigger | A DIGGER game clone by [RETROQB45](https://github.com/RETROQB45) |
| QMaze | Maze puzzle game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QShips | A turn-based artillery game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QSpace | Space station defense game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QSynth | Audio synthesizer by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QTrek | Startrek themed game by [Philipp Strathausen](https://github.com/strathausen) |
| Rattler | Snake clone by Bob Seguin |
| Ray Tracer Z | A ray tracing demo by Zom-B |
| RayCaster | QB64 ray casting demo by Antoni Gual |
| RemLine | Line mumber removal utility by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Reversi | Reversi game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Robo Raider | Robo Raider by Kevin |
| SaveImage | Screen capture library by [Steve McNeill](https://github.com/SteveMcNeill) |
| Schemat | Schematic Design Program by Leif J. Burrow |
| ScreenBlankers | Simple screen blankers (savers) by [Roland Heyder](https://github.com/RhoSigma-QB64) |
| Set Fire To The Rain | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Shooter | QB64 shooter demo game by unknown |
| Snake | Snake clone by [Tim Baxendale](https://github.com/pcluddite) |
| Sokoban | Sokoban game by [David Joffe](https://github.com/davidjoffe) |
| SortDemo | Sort demo by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Space64 | QB64 game by Cyperium |
| Spaceship | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Stock Watcher | Stock Watcher by unknown |
| Stunt Chopper | A Stunt Chopper clone by David Duvenaud and James Challis |
| Super Mario Jump! | Super Mario Jump! by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Tic Tac Toe | Tic tac toe game by Paul Meyer |
| Tic Tac Toe Ring | Tic tac toe clone by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Torus | Torus demo by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Tower | Tower of Hanoi solver by unknown |
| TUI | Text Mode UI library by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| XE Hex Editor | XE Hex Editor by [Dav](http://qbasicnews.com/dav) |

Commit message:

Added Drum Machine, Tank Drum and Kaboom!

README.md, after:

# What are these?

These are [BASIC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BASIC) ([GWBASIC](https://winworldpc.com/product/gw-basic/3x), [QBasic](https://winworldpc.com/product/qbasic/1x), [QuickBASIC](https://winworldpc.com/product/quickbasic/45), [Microsoft BASIC PDS](https://winworldpc.com/product/microsoft-basic/pds-71), [Microsoft Visual Basic 1.0 for DOS](https://winworldpc.com/product/microsoft-visual-bas/10-for-dos)) programs tested and fixed for [QB64](https://github.com/QB64-Phoenix-Edition/QB64pe).

1. Some of the "unknown" are placeholders and I will update with the correct information once I find them
2. Some of these are mildly or significantly modified to work with QB64 v2+ and may no longer work with anything else
3. Some of these are unmodified as they were written for QB64 and are here just as part of the collection
4. If you want the original versions, then folllow the links below or search on the internet
5. I will keep updating this repo with new stuff that I can find and fix to work with QB64

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| 3D Grapher | 3D Grapher in QB64 using OpenGL by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| 3DS Object Viewer | 3DS Object Viewer by David Llewellyn |
| 4Pong | Four player Pong game by Matthew |
| Abacus | Abacus app by Bob Seguin |
| aKFrameWork | GUI library by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| Amongst | Among Us clone by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Animax |  A Graphics/Animation utility by Bob Seguin |
| ArcDemo | A 2D platformer game by Tsiplacov Sergey |
| Assault | A turn-based artillery game by Glenn Powell |
| Bad Boxes | Bad Boxes by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Bad Boxes Revenge | Revenge of the Bad Boxes! by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Bin2BAS | Binary to text converter by [Dav](http://qbasicnews.com/dav) |
| Bin2Include | Binary to Include converter by [Zachary Spriggs](https://github.com/SpriggsySpriggs) |
| Biorythm Chart | Biorythm Chart by Bob Seguin |
| Blockout | Breakout clone by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Calculator | GUI calculator by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Can't Contain Me | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Castle | A turn-based artillery game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Chess | Chess game by rfrost |
| Cloned Shades | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Condense | Text file condenser by [Samuel Gomes](https://github.com/a740g) |
| D1NGOS Maze | A maze game by [DingoLabs](https://github.com/DingoLabs) |
| Demos | QB64 Demos from various sources |
| Didris | A Tertis clone by [Dietmar Moritz](https://github.com/didi-moritz) |
| Donkey | DONKEY.BAS by [IBM](https://github.com/IBM) |
| Drum Machine | A drum beat creation tool by [Dav](http://qbasicnews.com/dav) |
| Fake CPU | A fictional CPU emulator by [magicaros](https://github.com/magicaros) |
| Flappy Bird | Flappy Bird Clone by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Frogger | QB64 game by Matt Bross |
| Frosbite | Frosbite Tribute by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Future Blocks | Tertis clone by [Michael Fogleman](https://github.com/fogleman) |
| Genius | Genius memory game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Ghost Wizard | A Roguelike game by Zack Johnson |
| Gorillas | A turn-based artillery game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| GUI Menu Bar | Lightweight Menu Bar library by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| Hunter | Maze Hunter game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Hunter's Revenge | A shooting game by [Ashish Kushwaha](https://github.com/AshishKingdom) |
| InForm Demos | Demos using the InForm library by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Kaboom! | A remake of the 1983 game by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| KING-KONG vs MIGHTY JOE YOUNG | A turn-based artillery game by Bob Seguin |
| Lights On | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| MADMIX | A Pacman clone by Enrique Huerta |
| Maze | Maze of Misery by Steve M. |
| Mini Golf | A mini golf game by Bob Seguin |
| Money | Simple money manager by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Moon Lander | Moon Lander by rfrost |
| Mooncrap | A Galaxian clone by Daniel Kupfer |
| Nibbles | Snake clone by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| OpenGL Demos | OpenGL demos by [Galleon](https://github.com/Galleondragon) |
| Pendulum | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Phone | Simple phone directory by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| PIXELplus 256 | Bitmap graphics library by Chris Chadwick |
| Platform | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| QB-Bounce | Breakout clone by Future Software |
| QB-WM | QB64 Window Manager by [Kit](https://github.com/aouwt) |
| QB45BIN | QuickBASIC 4.5 Binary Source file to Text converter by qarnos |
| QB64 Asteroids! | Asteroids game by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Button Library | Button routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Space Invaders! | Space Invaders game by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Menu Library | Menu routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Graphics Line Input Library | Line Input routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| QB64 Sprite Library | Sprite routines by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| GuiTools GUI Library | A GUI library by [Roland Heyder](https://github.com/RhoSigma-QB64) |
| QBASCII | ASCII art drawing app by [Jeremy Munn](https://github.com/jtmunn) |
| QBasic Beautifier | QB code beautifier by Kewbie_newbie |
| QBasic Nventory | (i)nventory manager by [Morwic](https://github.com/morwic) |
| Qbasic Tank Commander | Qbasic TANK COMMANDER by Matthew River Knight |
| QBlocks | Tertis clone by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QBPool | Pool game by [mechatronic3000](https://github.com/mechatronic3000) |
| QBricks | Breakout clone by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QCards | A simple database using a cardfile user interface by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QDigger | A DIGGER game clone by [RETROQB45](https://github.com/RETROQB45) |
| QMaze | Maze puzzle game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QShips | A turn-based artillery game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QSpace | Space station defense game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QSynth | Audio synthesizer by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| QTrek | Startrek themed game by [Philipp Strathausen](https://github.com/strathausen) |
| Rattler | Snake clone by Bob Seguin |
| Ray Tracer Z | A ray tracing demo by Zom-B |
| RayCaster | QB64 ray casting demo by Antoni Gual |
| RemLine | Line mumber removal utility by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Reversi | Reversi game by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Robo Raider | Robo Raider by Kevin |
| SaveImage | Screen capture library by [Steve McNeill](https://github.com/SteveMcNeill) |
| Schemat | Schematic Design Program by Leif J. Burrow |
| ScreenBlankers | Simple screen blankers (savers) by [Roland Heyder](https://github.com/RhoSigma-QB64) |
| Set Fire To The Rain | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Shooter | QB64 shooter demo game by unknown |
| Snake | Snake clone by [Tim Baxendale](https://github.com/pcluddite) |
| Sokoban | Sokoban game by [David Joffe](https://github.com/davidjoffe) |
| SortDemo | Sort demo by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Space64 | QB64 game by Cyperium |
| Spaceship | QB64 game by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Stock Watcher | Stock Watcher by unknown |
| Stunt Chopper | A Stunt Chopper clone by David Duvenaud and James Challis |
| Super Mario Jump! | Super Mario Jump! by [Terry Ritchie](http://www.qb64sourcecode.com/) |
| Tank Drum | A Playable/Recordable Tankdrum Virtual Instrument by [Dav](http://qbasicnews.com/dav) |
| Tic Tac Toe | Tic tac toe game by Paul Meyer |
| Tic Tac Toe Ring | Tic tac toe clone by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| Torus | Torus demo by [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft/) |
| Tower | Tower of Hanoi solver by unknown |
| TUI | Text Mode UI library by [Fellippe Heitor](https://github.com/FellippeHeitor) |
| XE Hex Editor | XE Hex Editor by [Dav](http://qbasicnews.com/dav) |
